# dataset_generation
Information and scripts on generating the dataset from the QM9 structures.

[molecules_without_hydrogens.txt](./molecules_without_hydrogens.txt) contain the list of molecules that were excluded from the QM9 superset as they contained no hydrogens.

[data](./data) Contains data required to run the scripts as well as outputs from these scripts.
The folder is empty unless the files have been downloaded using the download scripts in [download_scripts](./download_scripts).

[download_scripts](./download_scripts) contains scripts to download data files required to run the scripts in the current directory, as well as the outputs thereof.

[convert_exyz.py](./convert_exyz.py) parses the extended xyz files of QM9 and writes the 3d molecular structures in valid xyz format, as well as input files to the Gaussian NMR computations. Requires that `qm9_exyz.tar.gz` has been downloaded in advance.

[xyz](./xyz) is the target directory for xyz files generated by [convert_exyz.py](./convert_exyz.py).

The [gaussian_input_files](./gaussian_input_files) is the target directory for the input files for Gaussian NMR computations generated by [convert_exyz.py](./convert_exyz.py).

[molecules_with_outliers.txt](./molecules_with_outliers.txt) contain the list of molecules that were excluded from the QM9 superset as the scalar coupling constants contained one or more outliers.

The [outlier_structures](./outlier_structures) folder contains the structures listed in [molecules_with_outliers.txt](./molecules_with_outliers.txt) in xyz format.

[training_molecules.txt](./training_molecules.txt) contain the list of molecules that form the training set.

[testing_molecules.txt](./testing_molecules.txt) contain the list of molecules that form the testing set.

[create_dataset.py](./create_dataset.py) parses the Gaussian output files from NMR computations and creates the dataset in csv format. Requires that `gaussian_output_files.tar.gz` has been downloaded in advance.

[kaggle_dataset](./xyz) is the target directory for the kaggle dataset generated by [create_dataset.py](./create_dataset.py).
